How to use these guidelinesThese guidelines give an overview of our brand platform and verbal and visual identity systems, as well as guidance for using their elements correctly when producing material for Insight.The key components of the verbal and visual systems are introduced with examples to illustrate how these elements may be used.ĘConsistent use of design elements will help build a unified Insight brand experience. For additional questions or to obtain artwork, contactĘbrand@insight.com.ĘNotes:Ę* All of the included layouts are notional and for placement only. The featured layouts are meant to demonstrate the use of the visual identity components and do not represent approved communications.* All photographic images used in these guidelines are for illustrative purposes only and cannot be reproduced outside of this document without proper licensingBrand platformThe brand purpose is a clear, concise, internal declaration that defines who we are, why we do what we do, and why we matter to our audiences. While the brand purpose is an internal declaration, it affects how we talk about ourselves, what we value, and how we behave.Our core brand values are fundamental beliefs Ń shared throughout our company Ń that govern how we behave and make decisions. From daily tasks to companywide policies, we refer to these values to remind ourselves who we are and who we want to be.The Insight brand purpose is the strategic foundation for our brand. ItŐs built on three values that differentiate us from our competitors. Together, they form the brand platform.As a unified framework, these components capture our nature, define what weŐre known for, and guide how we interact with our internal and external audiences. Such interactions range from our daily expression of the brand to our approach to communications design.PurposeWe accelerate transformation by unlocking the power of people and technology.* Accelerate transformation: Clients inevitably face the need to transform and go faster; they need our help to make it happen. Together, we can make their transformation a reality* Unlocking the power of people and technology: We leverage the curious and creative thinkers both within our organization and from our innovative partners to drive highly sought-after outcomes. Partnership is paramount to our success.Values* Hunger: We are change agents, driven to improve every day.Ę* Heart: We are teammates. We take care of one another, our clients, and our communities.Ę* Harmony: We are a team of individuals who seek out unique perspectives and value differences and diversity.ĘValue PropositionA value proposition is a concise, compelling statement that articulates the unique value that Insight delivers as the leading Solutions Integrator. It is the foundation of how we position ourselves consistently in the market, ensuring that every interaction Ń whether with clients, partners, or internal stakeholders Ń reflects a unified brand story.As the leading Solutions Integrator, our experts solve our clientsŐ technology challenges by combining the right hardware, software, and services.Core DifferentiatorsWe empower organizations to achieve their technology goals by delivering:* Secure, Integrated Solutions: We have a broad and deep portfolio. From the cloud to the edge, we deliver high-quality and scalable integrated solutions Ń and do it for you quickly, safely, and seamlessly.* End-to-End Capabilities: We architect, build, and optimize all elements of a modern technology platform. We serve as an all-in-one IT partner, helping you wherever you are on your journey. And our deep expertise spans all areas of business Ń from data and AIto cloud and infrastructure, intelligent apps and Nex-Gen Workplace.* Technology Expertise: IT environments are increasingly complex and require a breadth of technology expertise. Our legacy in Ń and understanding of Ń hardware, devices, and software enable us to help you select and run the optimal IT environment to future-proof your business.* Deep Partner Network: Our global partners are collectively transforming technology. Our deep relationships across our large partner network give you access to the influential industry leaders driving change. And as a technology-agnostic provider, we combine the right technology with the right expertise to solve your specific challenges.Verbal IdentityBrand voiceOur brand voice attributes represent the characteristics and personality of the Insight brand. They should be present when expressing ourselves internally and externally, whether through written content (messaging), visual design, or personal interactions.We express confidence in what we can help others achieve.Our language feels simple, intelligent, and natural.DrivenWarmSharpOrganicBoldAmbitiousProfessionalUnderstandingHelpfulCaringIntelligentEfficientPreciseNaturalBeneficialIntegralMessagingMessaging is an important component of brand identity and a powerful tool to connect with different audiences. In the same way a visual identity is created using a set of tools Ń including color, typography, imagery, and graphic motifs Ń our verbal identity is shaped by what we choose to say (core messages) and how we choose to say it (voice).Core messages help communicate the brand purpose to each audience. Keep them in mind when writing each new piece of audience-tailored communication.Our core messages:* Focus on what each audience should feel, understand or believe about the brand* Emphasize areas where the brand can align with the audienceŐs emotional drivers* Inform and guide the development of copy/content directed at each audienceĘ* Act as a filter for evaluating communicationsĘ* Are not copyVisual IdentityVisual elements overviewCorporate signature (logo)The Insight logotype is drawn to represent our values: Hunger with its bold weight, Heart with its humanist proportions, and Harmony with its visual balance between each letterform. The symbol represents the meaningful connections we have with our teammates, partners and, ultimately, with our clients. These elements work in combination to create our corporate signature.ĘWith two lockups of the corporate signature (vertical and horizontal), maximum legibility is ensured for all layouts.ĘImage 1 - Horizontal lockupImage 2 - Vertical lockupThe full-color rendering of our signature is our primary version and should be used whenever possible. Use the supplied grayscale version when reproduction techniques are limited, such as black-and-white newspapers or trade publications. Use the one-color black version of the signature for blind embossing, foil stamping, cut vinyl, embroidery, or other surface applications. The one-color white version should be used when the signature is reversed out of the background for increased legibility.ĘImage 3 - logo & symbol variationsThe signature comprises five unique colors in a set arrangement and should not be altered in any way. All signature and symbol artwork versions should include the registered mark.Image 4 - signature (logo) colorsClear space and minimum sizeTo maintain the integrity of the logo, avoid crowding it with type, imagery, or graphic elements, and keep it from getting too close to the edge of a layout. Maintain a minimum clear space around the logo (or more, whenever possible), proportional to half the height of the symbol at all times. Minimum clear space is measured by half the width of the symbol. The required clear space is already included in logo files requested from the Brand Team for your convenience.ĘTo achieve the necessary impact and ensure legibility, do not scale the logo smaller than the recommended sizes in both print and digital applications.ĘNote: All clear spaces and minimum sizes are designated for the main footprint of the logotypes, ignoring the registered marks.ĘImage 6 - minimum sizesInsight Public SectorAs a separate business entity with a high level of established equity in its markets, Insight Public Sector (IPS) is the only member of the Insight portfolio that is allowed a modified clear space and lockup with the Insight master brand logo mark. In addition to the size specifications outlined here, all existing clear space and usage specifications for the master brand should be observed when using the IPS logo lockup.ĘThe Insight Public Sector lockup should be used exclusively on all legal documents, including contracts, bid documents, and correspondence related to Public Sector business.ĘThe Insight Public Sector logo should always appear firstĘon marketing slicks, brochures, emails, trade show booths, whitepapers, infographics, initial web pages, and all other typical marketing assets. After the first appearance and first instance in copy, subsequent representations of the logo and instances within body copy can simply be ŇInsight.ÓĘThis is effective for the following verticals:Ę* EducationĘ* GovernmentĘ* State and localImage 7 - Horizontal IPS logoImage 8 - Vertical IPS logoNeed an official logo file? Ensure you can clearly explain how you plan to use it. Request here.Signature (logo) don'tsAlways reproduce our signature and symbol according to the specifications set in these guidelines. Do not change or modify these specifications in any way.ĘUsing any of the signature or symbol versions incorrectly will dilute the impact of our brand identity and can also compromise our ability to legally protect it. The examples shown here illustrate possible misuses of the Insight signature that should be avoided.ĘAlways use the original digital artwork available through the logo request formĘto maintain consistency.* Do not modify the placement of the symbol to the logotype.Ę* Do not use unspecified colors in the symbol or logotype.Ę* Do not add drop shadows or other effects to the symbol or logotype.Ę* Do not lock up additional unapproved typography to the logotype.Ę* Do not typeset a new logotype.Ę* Do not change the size relationship of the symbol to the logotype.Ę* Do not recreate or modify any part of the symbol.Ę* Do not revise the color assignments in the symbol or logotype.Ę* Do not use the symbol as a holding shape for imagery or graphics.Ę* Do not place the signature on a background with insufficient contrast.Ę* Do not outline the logotype or the symbol.Ę* Do not skew or distort the logo in any way. Always scale it proportionally.Ę* Do not add design elements to the logotype.Ę* Do not use the logotype without the symbol.Ę* Do not place the signature on a busy photographic image.ĘSignature (logo) exceptionsSpecial exceptions for the signature apply to unique applications, such as apparel and other wearables.ĘSee the examples to the right for acceptable uses of one-color, tone-on-tone embroidery.ĘThe example on the upper right shows the full-color logo embroidered on a black background, which allows for sufficient contrast of the signature.ĘThe example shown on the bottom right doesnŐt work as a full-color signature due to the lack of contrast between the logotype and background.ĘExceptions to logo use on wearablesCo-branding structureOur signature will often be locked up with our partnersŐ logos in co-branded communications. To elevate Insight to be the leading brand requires a visual relationship and hierarchy.ĘTo create a consistent relationship of partner brands (HP, VMware, etc.) to Insight, follow the guides outlined to the right.ĘThe square ŇxÓ is created by drawing a square that starts at the top of the logotype and proportionately extends down to the baseline. The height of the ŇxÓ square is the same height as the uppercase letter ŇI,Ó commonly called cap height. These ŇxÓ squares help to define the clear space between the Insight logo and partner logo.ĘPlace two ŇxÓ squares to the right of the Insight lockup. In between them, place a 1 px line that serves as a visual divider between the two logos. The measurement of this line extends from the top of the Insight symbol to the bottom of a second symbol (shown here in gray). The partner logo should be placed so that the baselines of the logos align.Cobranding with vertical logoCobranding with horizontal logoTo create multiple logo lockups (logo trains), use the same formula for single lockups, adding a clear space module between partner logos.Logo train with vertical logoLogo train with horizontal logoTypographyThe Insight typefaces have been chosen to create a distinctive look to express our verbal identity in a memorable way. Use them according to the specifications set in these guidelines. Improper and inconsistent use of the typography diminishes the impact of our brand identity.Rugged, hearty and warm, Greycliff CF is a versatile font family. Strong capitals and a smooth, open lowercase are effective in a variety of applications. The geometric, near-monoline construction gives Greycliff a classic durability, tempered by softened edges and vibrant shapes. Greycliff CF supports 33 different languages, including Spanish, English, Portuguese, German, and French.ĘKlinic Slab is a slab serif type family with a unique personality. Designed for legibility at larger scales, Klinic Slab should only be used in headlines, subheads, and special situations. Do not use Klinic for large runs of body copy or any instance of small text (e.g., legal copy). Both families are available for both print and web use.For internal word processing and digital presentations, our default system font is Arial. Designed for global usability and on-screen clarity, Arial is universal and can be shared across all computers around the world.Color palettePrimary and neutralOur proprietary colors emphasize the energy and strength of the Insight brand. The primary color palette is composed of seven colors, five of which are from the red/violet spectrum that vary in value but are related in tone. These are complemented by two blue hues and a neutral palette of cool grays that elevate the palette. Together, these colors create the foundation for an approachable yet professional brand.When selecting colors for your layout, make sure the primary palette is predominant over the secondary palette. To achieve the correct balance, use an 80/20 rule, where 80% of color use comes from the primary palette and 20% from the secondary palette.ĘEach color in the palette is accompanied by its Pantone, CMYK, RGB and hexadecimal values to facilitate accurate reproduction across different types of media.To ensure the consistency and memorability of the brand, always use the color formulas listed here for all touchpoints.Color NamePaletteSpotCMYKRGBWeb / HexHungerPrimary233 CC12 M100 Y0 K0R212 G14 B140#D40E8CHeartPrimary241 CC30 M100 Y2 K2R176 G28 B135#B01C87HarmonyPrimary269 CC79 M100 Y20 K10R88 G40 B115#582873VisionPrimary2381 CC64 M35 Y0 K0R89 G144 B240#5990F0ZealPrimary2198 CC62 M0 Y9 K0R78 G199 B234#4EC7EAHustlePrimary7636 CC0 M100 Y45 K12R211 G12 B85#D30C55InspiredPrimary199 CC0 M100 Y72 K0R237 G25 B68#ED1944CarbonNeutral412 CC60 M64 Y68 K59R62 G51 B45#3E332DCloudNeutralCool Gray 4CC27 M21 Y22 K0R189 G189 B189#BDBDBDCalmNeutralCool Gray 4C (40% tint)C11 M8 Y9 K0R224 G224 B224#E0E0E0Secondary and tertiaryA secondary and tertiary palette of pastel colors, which are tints of selected colors from the primary palette, invites a feeling of optimism and joy. Both of these lighter palettes are to be used in combination with the primary colors or on their own as background colors.Color NamePaletteSpotCMYKRGBWeb / HexHunger liteSecondary233 C (15% tint)C2 M15 Y0 K0R248 G213 B248#F8D5F8Harmony liteSecondary269 C (15% tint)C12 M15 Y3 K1R232 G218 B255#E8DAFFVision liteSecondary2381 C (20% tint)C13 M7 Y0 K0R208 G226 B255#D0E2FFZeal liteSecondary2198 C (20% tint)C12 M0 Y2 K0R197 G237 B250#C5EDFAClaritySecondaryCool Gray 4C (15% tint)C4 M3 Y3 K0R245 G245 B245#F5F5F5Hunger sheerTertiary233 C (8% tint)C1 M8 Y0 K0R255 G242 B253#FFF2FDHarmony sheerTertiary269 C (8% tint)C6 M8 Y2 K1R239 G237 B254#EFEDFEVision sheerTertiary2381 C (10% tint)C6 M3 Y0 K0R229 G246 B255#E5F6FFAccessibilityOur brand is for everyone, and proper accessibility is important to consider when working with our colors. We can ensure that our brand is accessible to others by following the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG), a series of recommendations for ideal contrast ratios for foreground and background colors. Reference this matrix to understand the WCAG ratings of our primary brand color combinations.This grid shows only the color options that meet accessibility standards. Use options that pass the AA and AAA designation.ĘBelow is a breakdown of each tile:ĘAccessibility matrixColor contrast is important to legibility and accessibility in type. Always be sure there is enough contrast between the type and background. In most applications, type should be used in black or white, with color used to create emphasis.GradientsGradients add depth and dimension to our visual expression, and they are made up of colors from the primary and secondary color palettes only.There are two types of gradients within the system: color to white and full color. The primary gradient is color to white, which can be made up of two to four colors and should gradate to white. This gradient should be used as an accent or highlight to create a composition that is mostly made up of white space. The full-color gradient can be made up of two to three colors, and it should be limited to background and shape fills, preferably those that bleed edge-to-edge.ĘUsage:ĘThe primary color-to-white gradients should be used to highlight specific elements such as charms (see page 42).The secondary full color gradients should be limited to background usage behind charm shapes or on its own. These should be used sparingly.ĘHow to make mesh gradientsTo create the color-to-white gradients, there are a few considerations:Ę* The gradient can have up to four colors, two of which should be primary colors to ensure that the brand comes through; the other one or two colors can be from the secondary or tertiary paletteĘ* The secondary and tertiary colors should be used on the edges of the gradients to create a soft glow effectĘ* These gradients should go to white, and the white space should allow for ample space for the text, photography, and logoĘStep-by-step how to:1. Open Adobe Illustrator and start a new file. ĘCreate a rectangle shape and go to the Gradient tab and select ŇFreeform gradient.ÓĘ2. Select ŇEdit gradient,Ó and four inital nodes will appear on your gradient. These nodes can be moved around to adjust where the colors are. To change the color, select a node and choose a color from the palette or double-click a node.Ę3. Click to add dots, and adjust the radius by dragging the dot on the dash control.Ę4. Move and adjust the nodes until you get a gradient that looks balanced and fades to white.ĘColor pairingsTo create the color-to-white gradients, there are a few considerations:* Find a balance between the warm and cool colors of the primary palette; to the right we highlight five successful color pairings* These color pairings are intended to be a starting point to help gradient creationĘ* These gradients should go to white, and the white space should allow for ample space for the text, photography, and logoĘGradients: Do's and don'tsThe gradients should be used as a visual highlight to the overall compostion. Follow usage guidelines to maintain a consistent expression.ĘHere are some doŐs and dontŐs of how they should be used in layout.Ę PhotographyPeoplePeople are at the center of what we do, and we want to show them in the best light possible.ĘWe can leverage photos from our DAM or download photos from iStock or Shutterstock. Regardless of the source, we must make sure the photos feel authentic and project the humanity of our company.ĘSubjects can look at the camera to capture the connection we make with our customers and partners. Or subjects can look off camera to create warm and engaging portraits.ĘConsiderations:Ę* Focus should be on a singular personĘ* Authentic and candid expressionsĘ* Natural lightĘ* Uncluttered, neutral backgroundsĘ* Avoid using headshots except for when showing our executivesWorkplaceWe want to capture people in the workplace, actively engaged and collaborating together. The mood should feel energetic and ambitious.ĘConsiderations:Ę* Authentic and candid expressionsĘ* Natural lightĘ* Composition should include two to three peopleTechnologyTo demonstrate the power of what we do, we will show products being used within the context of their environments as much as possible. We also use photography that embodies innovation and technological integration.ĘProduct photography can also be used with a neutral background.ĘConsiderations:Ę* Focus should be on interaction with a deviceĘ* No human facesĘ* Avoid black backgroundsAbstractAbstract imagery can be used when a broader idea or a more conceptual story needs to be communicated.ĘConsiderations:Ę* Simple and clean compositionsĘ* Choose photography with geometric formsĘConcepts could be:Ę* Integration/systemĘ* Moving forward, keeping things moving, forward momentumĘ* Networking, speed, connection, transformationĘ* Specific to an industryCharmsThe refreshed Insight brand is simple and clean. The charms were created to add a layer of dynamism and delight into the system. The approachable rounded shapes create a sense of trust and relatability. This helps to bridge the gap between the abstract nature of technology and human interactions.ĘEach charm represents principles or characteristics that are inspired by InsightŐs brand purpose and values.ĘTwo categories or charms were created to be used in the system: simple charms and super charms. Simple charms are quirky rounded and polygonal geometric shapes that adhere to a 1x1 grid. Super charms are made up of several geometric shapes and have a horizontal orientation. Simple charmsThe simple charms can be used as holding shapes for photography or stand-alone graphics.ĘPortraits: For photography focused on one person, the image can either live within the charm window or be cut out so that the personŐs head breaks out of the top of the charm to add dimension and visual interest.ĘUsage: When using a cutout that breaks out of the charm, make it the sole focal point of the layout; there should not be more than one of these per page.ĘSubjects can also be cut out of their background, and a solid color from the color palette can be used. This creates a cleaner and more branded look.ĘThe charms may be enlarged and cropped to add flexibility to the layout and versatility to the library.ĘSuper charmsThe super charms can be used as holding shapes for photography or stand-alone graphics.ĘAbstract photography or people imagery can be used for extended charms.ĘCharms: DoŐs and donŐtsOur charms should be used purposefully and thoughtfully. Follow usage guidelines to maintain a consistent expression of these devices.ĘHere are some doŐs and dontŐs of how they should be used in layout.ĘContact usWe hope these visual identity guidelines have provided the necessary tools and guidance to create clear and consistent Insight communications materials.For more information about or help with using these guidelines, contactĘbrand@insight.com. Insight Proprietary & Confidential. Do Not Copy or Distribute. © 2025 Insight. All Rights Reserved	1